Sophie, Good to hear from you.
I've been hearing great things about your work.
Sounds like PlayForward is becoming quite the AI
powerhouse.
Impressive work so far.
Thanks, Carlos.
Things have moved fast.
But now the scale is changing.
We're moving from a few projects to dozens.
I want to make sure we don't outgrow our capacity.
That's what success does, it attracts more ambition.
The same moves won't necessarily bring the same results.
Think of what could stretch, or break, as you grow.
Hmm...
I guess data volume will explode, and integration
between tools and teams will get trickier.
Exactly.
Build a stronger AI hub, formalise a preferred supplier
network, and keep developing your AI academy.
Remember — success at scale comes from people who
understand both AI and the business.
Thanks, Carlos.
As always — clear and actionable.
I'll take this forward.
Good luck, Sophie.
You've built momentum — now make it sustainable.